# Workshop on Deep Learning
Students: Yuval Alter, Yuval Lavi, Yonatan Ariel Slutzky
## Welcome
This project was made as a part of the Workshop on Deep Learning at Tel Aviv University's School of Computer Science. The theme of the workshop was raising awareness to climate change using generative AI tools. The goal of our project was to raise awareness to humanity's impact on beaches worldwide. To do so, we decided to build [ShoreRestore](https://shore-restore.streamlit.app/) - an application which intakes images of dirty beaches and uses a generative AI model to reimagine them as images of clean beaches. 
## Repository Contents
This repository serves as the main one, and is comprised of the files used to build our models (which were based on the CycleGAN framework), as-well as the documents describing our work. The [second repository](https://github.com/yuvallavi111/ShoreRestore) serves as our dedicated application repository and is comprised of the files used to build our application. 
In this repository you can find two directories (pytorch-CycleGAN-and-pix2pix and MUNIT), which are clones of the original repositories of those projects, with specific inputs and outputs that we used when training our models. Please notice that the actual datasets which we used in training each model is not available in this repository due to storage limitations, but all training and testing images are available instead at the datasets directory of this repository.
For the same reason, most outputs are also missing from out repository, and we kept only the .pth files of the final versions of our models.